Diabetic Classification: The dataset represents ten years (1999-2008) of clinical care at 130 US hospitals and integrated delivery networks. Each row concerns hospital records of patients diagnosed with diabetes, who underwent laboratory, medications, and stayed up to 14 days. The goal is to determine the early readmission of the patient within 30 days of discharge. The problem is important for the following reasons. Despite high-quality evidence showing improved clinical outcomes for diabetic patients who receive various preventive and therapeutic interventions, many patients do not receive them. This can be partially attributed to arbitrary diabetes management in hospital environments, which fail to attend to glycemic control. Failure to provide proper diabetes care not only increases the managing costs for the hospitals (as the patients are readmitted) but also impacts the morbidity and mortality of the patients, who may face complications associated with diabetes.

Credit risk assessment: The company has collected basic bank details and gathered a lot of credit-related information. The management wants to build an intelligent system to segregate the people into credit score brackets to reduce the manual efforts.

NLP Mini Project: Document similarity clustering (News articles from in shorts website)

Unsupervised Learning: HELP International have been able to raise around $ 10 million. Now the CEO of the NGO needs to decide how to use this money strategically and effectively. So, CEO has to make decision to choose the countries that are in the direst need of aid. Hence, your Job as a Data scientist is to categorise the countries using some socio-economic and health factors that determine the overall development of the country. Then you need to suggest the countries which the CEO needs to focus on the most.
